Update README: add maintained badge, release procedure (#192)
cameleon-rs/cameleon: README.md

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]

> [![Actively Maintained](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintenance%20Level-Actively%20Maintained-green.svg)](https://gist.github.com/cheerfulstoic/d107229326a01ff0f333a1d3476e068d)

Reviewer: 👍

[contributing]: https://github.com/cameleon-rs/cameleon/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Releasing
### 1. Publish
1. Bump up all the crate versions in the workspace using `cargo release version <major|minor|patch>`
2. Open a PR to reflect the changes.

> 3. Publish the crates with [`cargo release`](https://github.com/crate-ci/cargo-release)

Author: This could be squashed to just 2 steps
1. `cargo release <major|minor|patch>`
2. Open PR

Tt felt more defensive to split it a bit more, but tell me what you think.

Reviewer: I feel it'd be slightly better to make the description concise, assuming the number of maintainers is not so large. But, I don't have a strong feeling about this, so please feel free to merge this PR.

Author: In that case let me make it a bit more concise. But wait, let me also document an important step that should be done first.
```suggestion
1. Check commits since the last release and determine whether they're semver-breaking.
2. Bump up all the crate versions and publish using [`cargo release <major|minor|patch>`](https://github.com/crate-ci/cargo-release)
3. Open a PR to reflect the changes.
```
@Y-Nak please check accept the suggestion right away if it feels good.
